senior
Are you all right?
Mr. Ji, you are here
It seems that this woman is still quite interesting to you
Is it important?
Is the share transfer document ready?
Here it is.
Let your master out
Otherwise I won't give it to you.
Ji Mingyuan, you want to see me?
Am I not coming?
Give me the file
Is a genius
Why is that?
Why? You ask me why?
You should think about what you do.
How dare you call the police?
Master, thank you, Mr.
Retreat first
If Kim Myung-won doesn't want to see him die in front of you
Don't follow me
Xiao Qiao
Make more money and be less good
Shen Tianze, the police have come
Let go of the four shooters
Strive for leniency
leniency
Ximingyuan, I will let you today.
Look at your woman and your children
Die in front of you